100 years ago, when our brothers and sisters were invited to the 1922 Cedar Point, Ohio convention, they were very excited.
Why?
You see, just three years earlier, they had been energized by a newly organized approach to preach the good news of the kingdom.
The Bible Students Convention in 1919 launched a door-to-door campaign to obtain subscriptions to the newly released Golden Age magazine.
Later that year, a service director was appointed for each group of Bible students.
Now they had clear direction in following Jesus' command to preach.
That convention was considered by many who were there to be the greatest ever help up to that time.
So imagine their anticipation when the announcement was made of another convention in 1922. What would it bring?
Would there be other exciting announcements?
Everywhere around the ground, you'll see the big capital letters, ADV, ADV, ADV.
Everyone wants ADV. Many were guessing this, guessing that.
Behold, the King reigns. You are his publicity agents.
Therefore, advertise, advertise, advertise the King and his kingdom.
Well, they want dry iron orders. Everybody was crying. Everybody was waving their hands and talking to whoever was sitting by with a new man or not.
Now more than just Bible students, they were becoming an organization of preachers. What would the call to advertise the King and his kingdom lead to?
What unique and innovative methods would Jehovah's people use? The next 100 years would tell the story.
In 1922, J. of Rutherford began using the new technology of radio broadcasting to reach a global audience with the King the Message.
At its peak in 1933, radio broadcasts originating from our own WBBR studios in New York were carried by 408 radio stations on six continents.
But because of clergy interference, the commercial radio industry gradually denied access to their lands.
Did opposition stop Jehovah's people from advertising the Kingdom Good News?
What additional preaching methods were used? A unified, consistent message about the Kingdom was achieved through the use of testimony cards in several languages.
A publisher would simply hand the card to the householder and ask him to read the brief Bible message.
Another exciting application of technology was the use of the portable phonograph for house to house preaching.
To expand this initiative, in 1937 at the Columbus, Ohio Convention, the special pioneer work was introduced.
Special pioneers were encouraged to use the phonograph not only when invited into a house, but at every house.
During the 1939 service here, 300 special pioneers set up the phonographs over a half a million times, playing the pre-recorded, four and a half minute talks by Brother Rutherford to over one million listeners.
Other Kingdom publishers thus became phonograph-minded and eventually over 47,000 portable phonographs with records covering 92 topics trumpeted the Kingdom Message.
Determined to preach from the house tops, Zealous Kingdom publishers amplified their ministry with transcription machines that broadcast Brother Rutherford's full length pre-recorded lectures.
The transcription machine was a phonograph equipped with powered loudspeakers. This made possible sound cars and sound boats.
The Kingdom Message was clearly heard on rivers, on streets, in parks and squares, in rented halls, theaters and other public spaces.
Equipped with tracks, booklets, magazines and books, thousands of volunteers participated in special preaching and literature distribution campaigns.
These special campaigns made it possible to cover large areas with the Kingdom Message quickly, even in a face of opposition.
Streetwork, information marches and bicycle parades boldly brought the Kingdom Message directly before the eyes of the public.
Marches ranged in size from just a few publishers to about a thousand publishers.
Streams of Kingdom publishers made their way through the business districts of large cities.
They wore placards bearing a slogan, carried signs, or distributed handbills with a title of the feature talk at a public meeting.
While radio broadcast and information marches were an efficient way of reaching mass audiences, was it the most effective way?
Our primary method of preaching, the personal door to door ministry, has proved over time to be the most effective method of advertising the Kingdom.
But was preaching all that was needed?
It became apparent that teaching others to observe all the things Jesus commanded would require training.
Kingdom evangelizers needed to be trained to use the Bible effectively and to study it with interested ones.
So at the called action assembly in 1943, a new congregation meeting was announced and demonstrated.
It was called the Course in Theocratic Ministry, and it accompanied the weekly service meeting.
Soon textbooks were released to help our brothers cultivate their teaching skills.
The books Theocratic Aid, published in 1945, provided clear guidance for improved public speaking, effective door to door witnessing,
making meaningful return visits, and conducting progressive Bible studies.
While equipped for every good work, released in 1946, laid a solid foundation of Bible truth through an in-depth book by book examination of God's Word.
Preachers were learning to become teachers. Such high quality training equipped more to join the ranks of Kingdom Proclaimers.
And for those who were already active, training allowed them to expand their participation.
The ranks of Kingdom publishers swell.
Around the same time, the Watchtower Bible School of Gilea began training Kingdom Proclaimers to take up missionary work in lands where there were few if any Kingdom publishers.
In the years since, thousands of trained missionaries have advertised the Kingdom as Kingdom to the ends of the earth.
Additionally, the teaching tools provided by the faithful slave have steadily adapted to changing needs.
Study publications such as Let God be True.
The truth that leads to eternal life.
And now, enjoy life forever and interactive Bible course have proved to be extremely effective teaching tools.
Huge international conventions with record-breaking attendances have generated global headlines advertising Jehovah's organization.
Films, DVDs, and JW broadcasting videos have helped prospective subjects of the Kingdom visualize the realities of that Kingdom.
Our special metropolitan witnessing and public witnessing carts continue to draw attention to the Kingdom.
JW.org has played a vital role in reaching millions with the Kingdom Proclamation in over a thousand languages.
How true are the words of Melvin Sargent, one of many faithful brothers who experienced much of this history?
Those of us inside the Lord's organization have tried in every way possible to turn the world's attention to the message of life.
We have used slogans, full-page advertisements, radio, sound cars, portable photographs, gigantic conventions, parades of information blockers carrying signs, and a growing army of house to house ministers.
This brief report on the past 100 years of kingdom preaching merely scratches the surface of what's contained in the new special exhibit at the World Headquarters Museum at Warwick, New York.
It's entitled Advertise, Advertise, Advertise, 100 years of advertising the Kingdom.
When visits become possible, please come and see this informative and motivating display.
How thrilling it is that alongside our brothers and sisters of the past 100 years, we have shared together and fulfilling Jesus' prophecy that this good news of the Kingdom will be preached in all the inhabited earth.
May this new special exhibit energize you to continue using every means possible to advertise, advertise, advertise the King and His Kingdom.